README.md, before:

# BCS koolitus - Booking App
====================================================

This web application is the code base for the teachers as a reference when they give their student an assignment to create a web application according to the given tasks using [Silex](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Needed software in your computer to run this software:

* php
```
sudo apt-get install php7.2-cli
sudo apt-get install php-xml
```

* [composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/)

### Installing

To install the software you have following options:

Then you need to have composer installed in your computer.
And then you need to install composer packages in your project folder.
```
composer install
```
SQLite
```
sudo apt-get install php7.2-sqlite3

sudo apt-get install php-sqlite-3
```


## Built With

* [Silex](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/) - The web framework used
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) - Dependency Management
* [Twig](http://twig.sensiolabs.org/) - Php template engine
* [ Doctine DBAL](http://docs.doctrine.project.org/doctrine-dbal/en/latest/index.html) - Php template engine

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
At the moment we have one version, which is 1.0.0

## Authors

* **Kadri Vahtramäe** - *Initial work* - [Kadri Vahtramäe](https://gitlab.com/KadriVahtramae)

See also the list of [contributors](www.i-smith.ee) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Downloaded phpunit and added testing configuration, first test

README.md, after:

# BCS koolitus - Booking App
====================================================

This web application is the code base for the teachers as a reference when they give their student an assignment to create a web application according to the given tasks using [Silex](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Needed software in your computer to run this software:

* php
```
sudo apt-get install php7.2-cli
sudo apt-get install php-xml
```

* [composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/)

### Installing

To install the software you have following options:

Then you need to have composer installed in your computer.
And then you need to install composer packages in your project folder.
```
composer install
```
SQLite
```
sudo apt-get install php7.2-sqlite3

sudo apt-get install php-sqlite-3
```
## Running the tests

You can run the tests by this command:
```
vendor/bin/phpunit tests
```



## Built With

* [Silex](http://silex.sensiolabs.org/) - The web framework used
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) - Dependency Management
* [Twig](http://twig.sensiolabs.org/) - Php template engine
* [ Doctine DBAL](http://docs.doctrine.project.org/doctrine-dbal/en/latest/index.html) - Php template engine
[PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/) - PHP testing framework


## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
At the moment we have one version, which is 1.0.0

## Authors

* **Kadri Vahtramäe** - *Initial work* - [Kadri Vahtramäe](https://gitlab.com/KadriVahtramae)

See also the list of [contributors](www.i-smith.ee) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
